***two main types of relative clauses: 
1. Defining relative clauses - Info Essential 
	eg:The book that I borrowed from the library is excellent. 
	I want a man who can love me a lot.
2. Non-defining relative clauses - Info Extra 
	eg:John's car, which is red, is parked outside.
	My dog, which is 6 years old, is going to have puppies.


used to/ would 
a) I used to smoke. - PH (past habit)
b) We'd go to parties every night. - RA (repeated action)
c) I used to live in London. - PS (past state)
d) We didn't use to have much money. - PH (past habit)
e) We wouldn't come home until the early morning. - RA (repeated action)
f) We used to wear crazy clothes. - PH (past habit)


Michelle used to like chocolate.
Michelle used to have too many friends.

Nyanung used to be a college student, but now she works.
I used to be a bank staff, but now I work in audit.
I used to be fat, but now I am thin.

MPS used to wake up at 6 am.
MPS used to go to the hospital.
I used to do workouts before COVID.


When I was a child we 1 used to live (live) in a cabin in the mountains. Back then, we 2 didn't use have (not have) much money; that’s why we 3 used to have (have) vegetables and chickens in our back garden. Every day we 4 would get up (get up) very early and my father 5 would take (take) some eggs for breakfast.
The weather in summer 6 used to be (be) really nice. There was a lake near the house; we 7 would go (go) there to have a swim every morning. Later, in the afternoon, my brothers and I 8 would go (go) fishing, and in the evening my mother 9 would cook (cook) whatever we had caught. It was fantastic!
Winters 10 used to be(be) rather cold. Every morning I 11 would go (go) to the woods to look for firewood; there 12 used to be (be) a little fireplace in the house to keep us warm. In the evenings, my father 13 would tell (tell) us incredible stories next to that fireplace, and we 14 would listen (listen), full of admiration.
We were poor, but we 15 used to be (be) happy.


page 56- h.w 1 and 2 
presentation mark - B+
me slow

---------------------------------------------------
---------------------------------------------------


27-june

subject questions and object questions
Who is playing in the park?
Where did you go for your vacation?
Who made the delicious cake?

What did you buy at the store?
Which movie did you watch last night?


***15 important the exam

page 62 & 63 speaking - h.w

do you enjoy city house or contry side
use adjective

a. In the future, would you like to live in a city or the countryside? Why?
Answer: In the future, I would like to live in a city rather than the countryside because it's convenient to go or do anything. and it's interesting than the countryside
b. If you went on holiday, would you prefer to visit a city or the countryside? What would you do?
Answer: since I am living in city, If I went on holiday, I prefer to visit the country side for few days. but for long time plan, I prefer to visit the city which I never been before.
c. Do you like shopping? If no, why not? If yes, where do you usually go and why?
Answer: I like shopping but I not usually go, because I am working from home so I have no where to go in weekdays so I dont have to spend my mondy alots , If I go to shopping, it must be for specific occasion or for the kitchen. 
d. How much time do you spend at home? Why?
Answer: I spend 80% of my time at home because I am working from home. I have to be at home all weekdays 9 to 6
e. Would you like to have another house abroad? If yes, where and why? If not, why not?
Answer: No, I dont like to have another house abroad if not I am a citizin for that foreign country, I think its wasting of money if we cant get benefit of buying house in foreign country as foreigner.
f. Do you like where you live? Why? Why not?
g.Write two more questions about places to live

please add the following adjective to my answers
Adjective
quiet     
convenient 
good, clean air
boring 
crowded 
not much traffic 
nothing to do 
lots of open space
 polluted air
interesting/lively
lots to do
deserted
inconvenient
not much open space
 noisy
too much traffic



